That dress would look even better accelerating towards my bedroom floor at 9.8 meters per second squared.
Any woman who has ever been with me knows that The Big Bang is not just a theory.
What do you say we use my lever to shift your center of mass?
Does your skin feel burnt from re-entry? Because I think you must have just fallen down from heaven.
Your lab bench, or mine?
Hey ladies, what's your resonance frequency?
I have E=mc2 tattooed on my ass. Wanna see?
Can I have your significant digits?
I haven't gotten laid in 4 years, 3 months, and 12 days, plus-or-minus 2 days. Would you care to check my error bars?
Top quark or bottom quark?
You're more special than relativity.
My last partner wasn't very stable. She spontaneously decayed last week and left me for a neutrino.
I know the spring constant for my mattress. Wanna take some data?
How do you feel about group experiments?
Like the ideal vacuum, you're the only thing in my universe.
Heisenberg was wrong. I'm certain about what you're doing tonight.
Even if there were no gravity on Earth, I'd still fall for you!
Engineers don't know the first thing about pleasing a woman. Friction alone can't get the job done.
Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you?
In my bed, it's perpetual motion all night long, baby.
I'm attracted to you like the Earth is attracted to the Sun - with a large force inversely proportional to the distance squared.

I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
How can I know so many hundreds of digits of pi and not the 7 digits of your phone number?
I wish I was your second derivative so I could investigate your concavities.
I need a little help with my Calculus, can you integrate my natural log?
By looking at you I can tell you're 36-25-36, which by the way are all perfect squares.
Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.
I am equivalent to the Empty Set when you are not with me.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds. What? You don’t believe me? Well, then, let’s try it with your phone number.
Hey... nice asymptote.
I'm not being obtuse, but you're acute girl.
I don't know if you're in my range, but I'd sure like to take you back to my domain.
Can i explore your mean value?
I heard you're good at algebra - Could you replace my X without asking Y?
Let's take each other to the limit to see if we converge.
Let me integrate our curves so that i can increase our volume
If i were a function you would be my asymptote - i always tend towards you.
Your beauty cannot be spanned by a finite basis of vectors.
I wish i was your problem set, because then I'd be really hard, and you'd be doing me on the desk.
My love for you is like a fractal - it goes on forever.
You've got more curves than a triple integral.
If you were sine x and I was cosine x, then together we would make one.